docs: Add common use cases (#4677)
CloudFire-LLC/cloudfire: website/src/app/kb/use-cases/host-access/readme.mdx

import SupportOptions from "@/components/SupportOptions";
import Alert from "@/components/DocsAlert";
import Image from "next/image";
import Link from "next/link";
import PlanBadge from "@/components/PlanBadge";

<PlanBadge plans={["starter", "team", "enterprise"]}>

# Access a Remote Host

</PlanBadge>

> In this guide, we'll be using Firezone to secure access to a host based on the

Reviewer: nit
```suggestion
In this guide, we'll use Firezone to secure access to a host based on the
```

host's private IP address.

This is useful when you have a host that may be behind a firewall that you want
to keep secure, but still need to access it from external networks like the
internet.

After completing this guide, you'll be able to access the host using its private
IP address and any services running on it, like SSH or RDP.

## Prerequisites

> - A Site that contains the host you want to secure access to.

Reviewer: Actually the host isn't in that Site until it's created as a Resource in Step 1.

Like, it's logically in the Site, from the customer saying "We have this building, that's a site", but it's not in the Firezone capital-S Site until you're following the instructions.

Maybe "A Site that _will_ contain the host..."
